# il-limone-a-te
il limone a te inc. is a project that performs a series of keynote moments in the journey my body, and its self, are undergoing to explore perception and function as a corporate entity inside its social, ecological and political spheres. The first live art action in this series took place recently and served as a gathering of our first board directors’ meeting (the minutes of the meeting are filed under Board Corpus). 

We are moving toward a second meeting of the board so we may read through, possibly edit, a draft of our articles of incorporation, the necessary legal paperwork all states require of entities incorporating within their jurisdiction. Though historically a formal document, since it outlines for what and how a corporation may profitably and ethically operate, due to the nature and aspirations of il limone a te inc., our articles must straddle realms of instruction, storytelling, standup and more.

Articles of Incorporation will be a performative reading.  The reading could place within an immediate exhibition of objects, the purpose of which will be to serve as medium—a cellular fluid—conducting charges of intersectionality between the “interior” movements (a performance inside a gallery, an internal re-indexing of organs and identities inside a body/self) and the ethno-socio-ecologies happening outside-around the “gallery”. An impetus of both the sum and journey of il limone a te inc. is to explore the outer and innermost limits of what it means to be human, and to ultimately discover pathways toward amending damages of the anthropocentric era.
